All righty.
So we're making some good progress here.
In this video we'll cover assertEquals()
and assertNotEquals().
Let's go ahead and add a new test.
And this test is for
adding the grade results for student grades.
I'll make use of assertEquals().
I'll give the expected value
and then for student grades,
I'll add the grade results for a single class
and I'll get the MathGradeResults.
And if everything works out right
it should equal 353.25.
I run a test and it passes just fine.
It's green.
Awesome.
Now let's go ahead and add another test.
And for this test
we'll add the grade results for student grades, not equal.
I'll add the assertNotEquals().
The expected, I'll just give a bad value here, zero.
And then similar coding like we had before.
Now let's run this test
and this test passes as desired.
I'll go up here and break one of the tests.
I'll change the expected value
just to see that the test fails.
We see the results there.
We broke it on purpose.
Go ahead and change the values back.
And then everything's A-okay.